This repository contains scripts to help build MPlayer together with
some dependencies that many platforms will not have a new enough
version of.


Initializing the repo

First you need to download the actual sources, using either:

./init
or
./init --shallow

The latter form creates only partial git repositories which do not
have full history data. This reduces the amount of data you need to
download but reduces the development-related functionality of the
repositories. If you only want to simply build MPlayer it should
usually be enough.



Building

You can build MPlayer with just 'make'. There is no separate
configure step because the MPlayer configure depends on included
library sources being configured _and_ built first. If you want to
give configuration options see the section below.


Enabling Multithreading

FFmpeg-mt has been merged upstream into libav so there is no need for
compiling the multithreaded branch anymore.


Giving configure options to MPlayer and libav

You can specify extra options that will be passed to MPlayer's
configure script by placing them in a file called "mplayer_options" in
this directory. There's a corresponding file called "libav_options"
for libav. Options in file "common_options" will be passed to both
MPlayer and libav; this mainly makes sense for generic options like
"-cc=gcc-4.4'. Place each option on its own line without any quoting.



Helper scripts included in this repo:

./init
Prepare the repository by downloading actual sources. You need to run
this at least once before you can build anything. With the --shallow
argument creates shallow git repositories that require less bandwidth
to download.

./update
Download the latest version of the sources.

./clean
Remove all generated or extra files from build directories and
restore them to their original state. Running this between builds is
probably a good idea.
